hello youtubers the B man 6/10 and this
is my new base so you guys already saw
this at my through 50 subscribers mock I
just didn't want to wait any longer for
the mock because I've been you know
that's even though it's only been like
three four days since I got - 350 subs
Skyy you have like 30 more so I almost
had 400 so anyway we'll go over it I
have a really nice flower pot it's
pretty cool we have all the grass and
flower it goes three rows of grass and a
row of flowers for your grasp another
flower and when you go like this a
really really really cool and we have
the same back there and then let's get
into the base which as I said it in my
mouth this is actually a clone training
center guys so yep
that's pretty awesome it's you know
we're all the new recruits get trained
or it's one of the many places this is
like where you know although this is
like getting ready for episode 3 the
Baloch so we're getting you gotta push
that door and all the way till you get
in and you probably can't see this you
might be able to but right in there you
can see like a little hinted green much
of the second door is which actually
start guys I forgot
well I have to show the top part first
so I can get into the bottom so on top
we have what it is is it's a green
basically and then all this other money
these plates which I put all my white
bricks on or almost off and then I have
all these green tiles where we didn't
have white bricks to make it look really
cool you know this is just covering up
the stairs it's also like you know like
a little hat we have a snow trooper
climbing up forget some exercise
I love the tape decks walking in you
have structure behind it - commander
shouts ubers no trooper talking to the
sixth column seeing if any of them are
worthy to be in the Legion chapter
Legion but in my flights out of shock
trooper who's showing off as you go into
the two clones I like awesome
I'm Jessie was just sitting there taking
a break to Senate commandos who helped
change that set them to make sure that
you know everything's going well oh we
have a gun rack right there
and then we have another soft thing
right here get down into the back part
hope that's fire my MA
I just chopped far it off set it down
somewhere and just the top part along
probably weighs like two or three pounds
then the bottom part probably weighs
like five six thirty seven pounds so
it's like seven to ten pounds total so
again this not this basis I'm sheet guys
in case you were wondering and you
didn't submit 50 subs not funny wait we
have this gate all the way along except
for right here which there's a ladder
there so that works out and now so I
didn't have any leftover gate and then
all the way along here and all the way
along the sniping in line and actually
it was surprised I had quite a lot of
many base plates in my buckets Legos
like come on I was like you know hunger
that's all I ended actually need to get
on from the Lego stores that's cool I
was able to finish it off then to get in
you see right there I was at that door
what you do is you just gotta slide that
I'll try out here I'll prop this down
like that there we go okay so you just
got wide it
until it those all the way down and then
you guys the clones from walk in as you
can see in there I had to use quite a
lot of these green pieces they're all
over the place
we have a clone here who's making sure
that only clones can come in there's no
Jedi actually know about this because
Palpatine doesn't want Jenna to know
about this so this in the end will
actually help him execute order 66 I'm a
sheep and stuff and execute order 66
although the planets cuz you know yes
and lots of clones here and then we have
another clone right here which is a snap
I destroyed the flowerbed oh oh I'll
just fix that later cuz right here
there's normally like clothes when you
puts the gate another door in please
just in case anyone comes in here and
then the antenna arrow walking up here
which all these green strips are like
walkway so there's a walkway to come in
that's a walkway to get to there another
walker to get to there another walkway
up here looks like a tall push you from
this angle absolutely cool and also I
actually really like put speeders in
there and we have next up here nine
clones just telling them you know what's
here these are the newest recruits
there's a pilot the EPC pilot talking to
two pilots there's a third one in there
because they're getting ready I'll use a
flight simulator now we have four
clothes Fox telling them about on the
hologram table and outwards
I'll go tutorial on that a little bit
after this video mean probe here really
all it really all that railing with the
many base lights was for sharpshooter
sharpshooter turn it into snipers with
no structure your command you're just
walking along make sure they're doing
okay and then do that's pretty awesome
then right here you have this ordinary
piece of wall but then if you lift up
this ladder
pop it out I think you all just how to
take green pieces turn right down there
then take some white pieces and green
pieces and put it up there so just a
stack so then when I still line it in
just like so it fit
nothing let's see with you guys I hope
you like this bass update I really
really love this race it's amazing it's
like doing 250-300 no it's probably
almost 400 2 by 4 bricks right sit guys
and